Changelog for audit log child items (#2791)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2024/11/audit-log-hierarchy.md

---
title: Audit logs show hierarchical events
description: "Audit logs for Team, Application and Instance will now include child events"
date: 2024-11-20 13:00:00.0

authors: ["stephen-mclaughlin"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

> In FlowFuse V2.11, we have updated the Audit Log view to let you see hierarchical related events. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In FlowFuse V2.11, we have updated the Audit Log views to let you see more of the events happening within your team. Previously, the Application Audit Log view would only show you top-level events happening to the application. With this release, it now provides an aggregated view from all of the resources within the application.
```
